I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Kylie Kangaroo
It is a lovely sunny day.
Mr. and Mrs. Kangaroo have come to visit.
Hello.
Gooduh, Mr. Pig. We met at the airport. Remember?
Erm…
It was a while back.
You said we could visit anytime.
Did I?
Yes, since we last saw you.
We've had Kylie and Joey.
Say hello, kids.
Hello, I'm Kylie Kangaroo.
I'm Peppa Pig.
And this is my little brother George.
This is my little brother Joey.
Joey lives in Mummy Kangaroo's pocket.
It's thirsty work, this traveling around.
Would you like a drink?
Yes, please.
Lemonade! My favourite.
Mmm. That's lovely.
Yeah, sit down. Are you hungry?
I'm always hungry.
No worries. We'll make lunch.
Mr. Kangaroo is going to cook lunch
on a barbecue.
Corn on the cob. Anyone?
Yummy!
We should do this at our house.
Hang on! This is our house.
Come on, Kylie. Let's play in the garden.
We can play my favourite game―
jumping up and down in muddy puddles.
I like jumping too.
First, we have to find a puddle.
Oh, there aren't any muddy puddles.
The ground is too dry for muddy puddles.
I wish it would rain.
I hope it doesn't rain.
Oh, we'd love rain.
We don't see much back home.
Well, if you want make it rain
in this country, have a barbecue.
We can still do jumping.
George is quite good at jumping,
but I am the best. Watch this.
That's how you do it. Now, you try, Kylie.
OK.
Kangaroos can jump very high.
Wow!
Here is Rebecca Rabbit.
Hello, Rebecca. This is my friend, Kylie.
Hello, Kylie. Gree!
Are you playing a game?
We are jumping.
Rabbits are the best at jumping. Watch this.
Well-done, Rebecca!
But that's not as good as my friend Kylie.
Go on, do your jump!
I don't want to show off.
Do it!
OK.
That is high.
Kylie Kangaroo is the best at jumping.
Here is Pedro Pony.
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Pedro.
This is my friend, Kylie Kangaroo.
She's my friend.
She can jump higher than anyone.
No one can jump higher than me
on my super space opal!
Show him, Kylie.
But Pedro did really well.
Do it!
OK.
Wow!
Kylie Kangaroo is the best at jumping.
I can jump higher,
but I'm a little bit tired.
Er…what was that?
It is raining.
Like I said, if you want it to rain,
start a barbecue.
I'm afraid we'll all have to go indoors.
What? And miss the rain?
Mr. Kangaroo has got a big umbrella
to shelter everyone from the rain.
Food's ready! Who's hungry?
Me! Me!
Mmm, yummy!
Peppa likes cone on the cob.
Mmm. Mmm.
Everyone likes cone on the cob.
It's stopped raining.
The rain makes everything so fresh and green.
And wet.
And muddy.
This is how you jump in muddy puddles.
Wow! That looks fun.
I'm the best at jumping, but Peppa
is the best at jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.